Hi, my name is Ryan Johnson and I'm a Data Science Advisor here at Posit,
and I'm excited to host our first ever Posit Team Community Demo on April 26th,
and we'll continue this series of demos on the last Wednesday of every month going forward.
Now during these demos, we'll walk through an end-to-end data science workflow using
our three professional data science tools that make up Posit Team. We have Posit Workbench,
Posit Connect, and Posit Package Manager. Now most importantly, these events are open to the
entire data science community. Now you may ask yourself, like, why would I want to attend these
Posit Team demos? So here are a few reasons why I believe these sessions will be valuable
not just to Posit customers, but also the greater data science community.
So first off, maybe you've never heard of Posit Team before. Either you're new to a company that
uses Posit Team or you're just exploring options for your team's analytics platforms.
So during these demos, we'll make sure to provide a high-level overview of Posit Team and also
highlight some of the newest features we've added to our tool chain. Now secondly, maybe you do use
Posit Team today and you're looking to expand your data science capabilities. For example, is your
team thinking about using Python more? Maybe creating some Dash applications or hosting your
first API? Every month, we'll keep things fresh and discuss a new topic and touch upon the various
capabilities within Posit Team. And finally, this is a great time to ask us at Posit any questions
you have about Posit Team. During this demo, we'll be hanging out in the chat to answer
any and all of your questions you have about Posit Team workflows, capabilities, licensing,
and more. We hope these demos are valuable to you and the data science team, and we look forward
to seeing you there.